feat: Add onboarding guidance DOCS-470 (#1584)
codacy/docs: docs/getting-started/configuring-your-repository.md

# Configuring your repository

> Once you've [added your first repository](codacy-quickstart.md), it's important that you configure the analysis tools to match the use cases of your team, enforce or promote any coding conventions and best practices that your team may already be following, and avoid time-consuming false positives.

Author: Here are some suggestions to round things off:

- The "use cases of the team" (unless we have some other ideas), are actually the existing conventions or best practices of the team, and any new ones that the user configuring the repository may want to introduce. So we can rephrase to include these as examples instead.
- I like your idea of "promoting" best practices/conventions, and I think we can replace "enforce" with that since it has a less negative connotation.
- Finally, I suggest that we make it more explicit why the false positives can be distracting and time-consuming. This is the kind of argumentation that should convince the users not to skip performing these configurations.

```suggestion
Once you've [added your first repository](codacy-quickstart.md), it's important that you configure the analysis tools to match the use cases of your team, such as configuring any coding conventions and best practices that your team may already be following or that you want to promote. It's also critical to review the configurations to avoid reporting false positives or any other issues that don't bring value to your team, which can introduce unwanted delays to the development process.
```

---

> description: Configure the Codacy analysis tools to match the coding conventions and best practices that your team may already be following or that you want to promote.

Reviewer: Are we configuring the "repository" or the "analysis tool"? I'm seeing both expressions used across this content. Do we need to clarify this? 🤔

Reviewer 2: Good point. I tweaked the wording

# Configuring your repository

<!--TODO
    - Review the intro and consider integrating the remaining info gathered from previous versions

We recommend that you spend some time reviewing the Codacy analysis settings to focus on the tools and code patterns that bring more value to your team. Importantly, this eliminates the risk of having false positives block the work of your team once you start using Codacy as a quality gate.
-->

> Once you've [added your first repository](codacy-quickstart.md), it's important that you configure the analysis tools to match the use cases of your team and avoid time-consuming false positives. In particular, you should configure any coding conventions and best practices that your team may already be following or that you want to enforce.

Author: What if we mentioned the false positives only at the end of this paragraph?

That way we could have a more straightforward sentence flow because we would mention everything related to matching the use cases of the team (coding conventions, best practices, and quality standards to enforce), and only then mention the importance of avoiding false positives. I feel that like this, the paragraph is switching back and forth between the two things.

Reviewer 2: OK, I tried reversing the sentence order
